README.md, before:

# Pastebin Services

This document contains list of pastebin services organized by categories.

This list contains only unencrypted pastebins. In other words, you can scrape some data from pastebins in this list.

## Public Pastebins

Non-authenticated users can create pastes.

- https://pastebin.com
- https://justpaste.it
- https://jsfiddle.net
- https://paste.centos.org
- https://justpaste.it (alias: jpst.it)
- http://jsbin.com
- https://pastelink.net
- https://codebeautify.org
- https://controlc.com (alias: pasted.co, tny.cz)
- https://ideone.com
- http://paste.rohitab.com
- https://codeshare.io
- http://paste.opensuse.org
- https://dotnetfiddle.net
- https://notes.io
- https://paste2.org
- https://hastebin.com
- https://ivpaste.com
- https://justpaste.me
- https://pastebin.osuosl.org
- https://bpa.st
- https://paste.ofcode.org
- https://paste.ee
- https://dpaste.org
- https://friendpaste.com
- https://defuse.ca/pastebin.htm
- https://dpaste.com
- https://cl1p.net
- http://pastie.org
- https://pastecode.io
- https://pastebin.fr
- http://jsitor.com
- https://termbin.com
- https://p.ip.fi
- http://cutapaste.net
- https://paste.sh
- https://paste.jp
- https://paste-bin.xyz
- https://paste.debian.net
- http://vpaste.net
- http://paste.org.ru
- https://quickhighlighter.com
- https://commie.io
- http://everfall.com/paste/
- https://kpaste.net
- https://www.pastebin.pt
- https://n0paste.tk
- https://tutpaste.com
- https://bitbin.it
- https://pastebin.fi
- https://nekobin.com
- https://www.paste4btc.com
- https://pastejustit.com (alias: pastebin.ai)
- https://paste.js.org
- https://paste.mod.gg/
- https://paste.myst.rs (alias: paste.ax)
- https://beanpaste.fun
- https://rentry.co/
- https://lesma.eu
- https://paste.monster
- https://snippet.host
- https://pastesio.com (alias: pastes.io)
- https://xi.pe

## Authenticated Pastebins

Only authenticated users can create pastes.

- https://gist.github.com
- https://gitlab.com/explore/snippets
- https://codepen.io
- https://repl.it
- https://paste.ubuntu.com
- https://invent.kde.org/explore/snippets
- https://snipplr.com
- http://paste.xinu.at

## Read-only Pastebins

Nobody can create pastes.

- https://www.geany.org/p/
- http://paste.pound-python.org
- http://paste.frubar.net/

## Discontinued Pastebins

Dead pastebin services. All pastes are removed.

- https://slexy.org
- https://textsnip.com
- http://phpfiddle.org
- https://pastebin.icoder.uz
- https://pst.klgrth.io
- https://www.heypasteit.com
- http://paste.lisp.org
- https://pasteall.org
- https://paste.scratchbook.ch
- https://dumpz.org
- http://paste.strictfp.com
- https://pastecode.ru
- https://apaste.info
- https://pastesqf.com
- http://sprunge.us
- https://pastecode.fr
- https://99paste.com
- https://nopaste.me
- https://www.paste.lv
- http://codepad.org
- https://ghostbin.com
- https://pasteio.com
- https://paste.mozilla.org (alias: pastebin.mozilla.org)
- https://ide.geeksforgeeks.org
- https://pastefs.com

Commit message:

Add links to Telegram groups.

README.md, after:

# Pastebin Services

This document contains list of pastebin services organized by categories.

This list contains only unencrypted pastebins. In other words, you can scrape some data from pastebins in this list.

You are welcome to join Telegram chat groups to talk about web scraping and data processing: [@grablab](https://t.me/grablab) (English), [@grablab_ru](https://t.me/grablab_ru) (Russian).

## Public Pastebins

Non-authenticated users can create pastes.

- https://pastebin.com
- https://justpaste.it
- https://jsfiddle.net
- https://paste.centos.org
- https://justpaste.it (alias: jpst.it)
- http://jsbin.com
- https://pastelink.net
- https://codebeautify.org
- https://controlc.com (alias: pasted.co, tny.cz)
- https://ideone.com
- http://paste.rohitab.com
- https://codeshare.io
- http://paste.opensuse.org
- https://dotnetfiddle.net
- https://notes.io
- https://paste2.org
- https://hastebin.com
- https://ivpaste.com
- https://justpaste.me
- https://pastebin.osuosl.org
- https://bpa.st
- https://paste.ofcode.org
- https://paste.ee
- https://dpaste.org
- https://friendpaste.com
- https://defuse.ca/pastebin.htm
- https://dpaste.com
- https://cl1p.net
- http://pastie.org
- https://pastecode.io
- https://pastebin.fr
- http://jsitor.com
- https://termbin.com
- https://p.ip.fi
- http://cutapaste.net
- https://paste.sh
- https://paste.jp
- https://paste-bin.xyz
- https://paste.debian.net
- http://vpaste.net
- http://paste.org.ru
- https://quickhighlighter.com
- https://commie.io
- http://everfall.com/paste/
- https://kpaste.net
- https://www.pastebin.pt
- https://n0paste.tk
- https://tutpaste.com
- https://bitbin.it
- https://pastebin.fi
- https://nekobin.com
- https://www.paste4btc.com
- https://pastejustit.com (alias: pastebin.ai)
- https://paste.js.org
- https://paste.mod.gg/
- https://paste.myst.rs (alias: paste.ax)
- https://beanpaste.fun
- https://rentry.co/
- https://lesma.eu
- https://paste.monster
- https://snippet.host
- https://pastesio.com (alias: pastes.io)
- https://xi.pe

## Authenticated Pastebins

Only authenticated users can create pastes.

- https://gist.github.com
- https://gitlab.com/explore/snippets
- https://codepen.io
- https://repl.it
- https://paste.ubuntu.com
- https://invent.kde.org/explore/snippets
- https://snipplr.com
- http://paste.xinu.at

## Read-only Pastebins

Nobody can create pastes.

- https://www.geany.org/p/
- http://paste.pound-python.org
- http://paste.frubar.net/

## Discontinued Pastebins

Dead pastebin services. All pastes are removed.

- https://slexy.org
- https://textsnip.com
- http://phpfiddle.org
- https://pastebin.icoder.uz
- https://pst.klgrth.io
- https://www.heypasteit.com
- http://paste.lisp.org
- https://pasteall.org
- https://paste.scratchbook.ch
- https://dumpz.org
- http://paste.strictfp.com
- https://pastecode.ru
- https://apaste.info
- https://pastesqf.com
- http://sprunge.us
- https://pastecode.fr
- https://99paste.com
- https://nopaste.me
- https://www.paste.lv
- http://codepad.org
- https://ghostbin.com
- https://pasteio.com
- https://paste.mozilla.org (alias: pastebin.mozilla.org)
- https://ide.geeksforgeeks.org
- https://pastefs.com
